[3.6](Grid,TreeList,TreeView,Gantt,Scheduler): Drag and Drop document… (#1151)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/treelist/overview.md

* [Rebind to refresh the data]({%slug treelist-refresh-data%}#rebind-method)
* [Automatically resize columns to fit their content]({%slug treelist-columns-resize%})
* [Get or set the TreeList configuration state]({%slug treelist-state%})

> * get the corresponding `TItem` of the destination TreeList from the passed [`DestinationIndex`]({%slug treelist-drag-drop-overview%}#event-arguments) - `GetItemFromDropIndex(string index)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Get the dragged data item and its drop index from the destination TreeList]({%slug treelist-drag-drop-overview%})
```
